 

LATIN CLASSws

azzi —-

’δέ CHEAP COLONIAL EDlTiONS
ἓ Fon

'ff comem-:s ΑΜ) sermons.

Although the great improvements in the Printing Art have
done so much to add to the appearance oi* Books, and also to
diminish the eost, yet the price still forms rather a serious item iv
the expense os education. This is particularly the case in editions
οἵ the Greek and Lat in Classics. There is no want ot* excellence in
many of these, but they are generally either so comprehensive or so
extended by annotations, that the price is an obstacle to those who,
entertaining enlarged views of the advantages os education, have not
means commensurate with their wishes. lt is, therefore, the inten-
tion οί· the Subscribers‚ to publish neat and correct editions os such
detached. portions of the classic authors as are usually read in
Schools and Colleges. This plan has been tried in England,·and has
been attended with marked success.

To those who are obliged to study economy in education, these
editions will be recommended by their cheapness, their accuracy, and
their being limited in their extent to that which is absolutely
=nm=essar .

To ³ibose, who either possess, or can afford to possess more
expensive editions, these little copies will be. offered as a means ol'
saving the others from that speedy injury or destruction which
besals books in the daily transit between home and school. Thev
will be more portable and convenient, more sair and scholar-like in
the class-room—-not open to the just and reasonable objection which
Tutors make to editions so charged with notes, that they almost
amount to a translation.

Some years ago, tho Subscribers made the attempt to introduce
a unisorm series os Books into the Common Schools os Canada.
Their design was heartily seconded by the Board os Education in

 

ἕνῇ lreland, who promptly and with the utmost liberality placed the
ἷὲξ* copyright of their valuable Text Books at their disposal. At a very
considerable expence of labour and money, the Subsaibers, in a

shorter period than they anticipated‚ succeeded in introducing the

’ t* Books into almost every section of the Province. Since then the
’ · indefatiguble and intelligent Superintendent os Education in Canada
West‚ who, at an early period, expressed to the Subscribers his
savourable opinion of these Books, having himself obtained per-
mission to reprint them, delegated the right to other Booksellers in
Canada, by whom, and by the Subscribers under their original
grant from the lrish Boaul, the Pron-lnce is nou· abundantly sup-
plied with these excellent Books.

 

